New Checkout Drop-in v1.4.0-beta2 (#273)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/merged-cart-banner.mdx

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The `MergedCartBanner` container is designed to display a notification banner when items from an old cart are merged into the current cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `MergedCartBanner` container to display a notification banner when items from an old cart are merged into the current cart.
```
